don't move let me see it don't move amy
can i see it okay ready
i love it that's super sweet because
it's terrible
oh my god where have you been joel
amy i love you i'm gonna come find you
[Music]
the day of the monster uprising was the
day i lost everyone
only a small fraction of humanity
survived and moved underground
i've been scanning for amy the entire
time
and now i finally found her hey joe amy
is that you oh my god
hey how far away is amy's colony
85 miles it's an impossible journey of
everything
we'll try to kill you don't fight just
run a knife
you all alone me too you don't have to
talk about it
you wanna come with me
is that a samurai sword yeah yes it is
listen to your instincts out here man
what if i have terrible instincts
[Music]
you'll die super encouraging speech
you made it all this way for a girl huh
do you ever hear the turn fools aaron
no amy i miss you so much
we have lost this wall we could still
take our world back
you're more of a survivor than i thought
[Music]
oh that was awesome oh i feel like tom
cruise
i got an interview with roland pollock
oh my gosh that is amazing
and it's on campus it's in manhattan
we're always talking about going into
manhattan for a special weekend this is
gonna be absolutely fantastic later
maybe we could take a carriage ride
yeah if it doesn't rain you're by far
the most
interesting american director since this
is your first meaningful assignment
would you like a scoop
of i can't make lunch
why not it's going through this real
artistic crisis it's a scoop
gatsby nice to see you it's good to see
you what are you doing i'm just out here
trying to
create a modern film to wear a classic
okay all right do you want to be in it
hey should we do this
hey are you going to keep your mouth
closed i have a girlfriend chan i don't
think i could do this
team 19 take two action
josh it's uh starting to rain and cut
see i know you could do it just won't
tell your girlfriend
ashley what's going on you said you were
going to call me 30 minutes ago the 70
million dollar movie and raleigh's very
unhappy with it
you call him raleigh yeah and ted and i
we have to find him before he has one of
his crazy fits who's ted
was that your boyfriend yeah he's a
little eccentric
raleigh oh my god you're francisco vega
he's that good or bad my roommate thinks
you're the greatest thing to come along
since the morning after pill
francisco vega is in town with his new
main squeeze on his arm
my girlfriend dumped me from a movie
star oh what are you doing here all
alone
i make dreams come true how do you do
that i get 500 sweetie how'd you like to
make 5 000.
mother this is my girlfriend ashley ann
ray better grow up and get a profession
you think a girl like that wants to live
hand-to-mouth
funny you should put it that way
she's apparently onto a very big story
she takes your job very seriously
i shouldn't imbibe so copiously i become
passionate
aggressive absurd i just
hey ashley i can't talk to you right now
what could possibly be so secretive
about that
unless there's some funny business going
on unless there's some funny business
going on
this is real life real life is fine for
people who can't do any
to be one tiny little lousy hour
interview instead
lost the whole weekend i'm on to a real
story here
take off your raincoat i can't i have no
clothes underneath
[Music]
you know they say we see everything once
in this cake
pretty sure we'll never see this
[Music]
you all right i'm fine
the bad news is it's inoperable it never
starts
what's going on with you
i want to know that there's meaning in
the things i do
if you're watching this i'm probably
trying to convince you of something
pretty unbelievable or
i'm dead
don't do anything to get her back but
this is i mean the next dose could kill
you
they're things that are far worse
than death
[Music]
what happened to him
they're not returning
it's got to be me you can't deal with
reality
the clock keeps ticking down
the time is an illusion
[Music]
once upon a time words began to vanish
from the language of children
[Music]
they disappeared so quietly
will you stay here with me
enter the wood with care my love it
deals in things that are missing
and things that are hidden i don't know
if there ever really is a right time
it was a wrong time and it's never
you believe in magic don't you
am i dreaming i see a whole world in
your eyes
what's happening the thing that you saw
will continue to grow so
will you how much does he know
i have to tell you something
[Music]
i'm scared
you're so strong you're the strongest
boy i know
[Music]
it's time for you to find your path i
know
where do we go when we die
where do you think we go
is this your first time in scotland my
first time anywhere really
i've never seen anything except through
the movies
wow didn't know mel gibson was having a
yard sale
good morning so much more beautiful than
the pictures
annabelle this is claire my fiance and
is your husband here with you
no he passed away a little over a year
ago 20 countries have your 20 favorite
movies
it's fascinating i'm just all about new
everything's these days can you take
them because they don't let dogs in here
they're not welcome well they prefer
attractive women but you'll be fine come
on
i'm embarrassed about having to run in a
place that used to be my home
so i do the housekeeping as well it's
all your spanx
i don't wear spanx so we better scotty
schumer there
howard there's no water this sorry
excuse for an estate i mean it's
embarrassing
do you need some help i'm gonna need to
remove the petcock
can you say it again petcock and a
french accent maybe
can i have one of your chocolates here
that's not a box of chocolates i'm sorry
that's my husband
you keep a dead husband inside a box of
chocolates you're mad
i'm just kind of sad
i gotta make new memories where the old
ones are gonna
kill me let's get drunk sometimes you're
very cute
you're good-looking as well wow as well
as me i'm still good-looking
you wanted to marry me suddenly feel
differently because this
simple little woman turns up
it's not that simple this is complicated
no don't jump
what you have to do is to learn how to
be happy again
i think you're probably meant to be here
no i gave up my dreams once for a man
he's different
with you we're just two people trying to
do the best we can
were you do i needed a haircut
do you need some help oh sure you're
going to come down here in your sexy
pajama top
what are you looking at hey nothing
don't do that he's never seen a woman's
legs before
[Music]
date of birth friday 31st of december
1937.
you're living with your daughter at the
moment yes until she goes to live in
paris
no dad why'd you keep going on about
paris she told me no i didn't
i'm sorry and you told me the other day
have you forgotten she's forgotten
paris they don't even speak english
there
[Music]
dad i'd like you to meet laura how do
you do sir i say you're gorgeous
thank you i must say he's charming yeah
not always laura has come around to help
you i don't need her or anyone else i
can manage
very well on my own everything all right
who are you ashley it's me paul oh
i live here what is this nonsense and
your father seemed a bit confused
something wrong
where's anne sorry ma'am where is he
i'm here
what's the matter dad strange things
going on around us
don't worry everything will sort itself
out
saw it in his eyes didn't know who i was
it was like i was a stranger to him
just did something to me i didn't know
what she's cooking up against me but
she's cooking something up what are you
talking about dad
i'm not leaving my flat i am not
leaving my flat this really is my flat
isn't it
you see the situation is very simple my
daughter is of the opinion that i cannot
manage on my own
i'm so sorry about this why she
understands
perfectly
[Music]
it's important i explained it all to you
why do you keep looking as if there's
something wrong everything is fine
i think she tries to do the best she can
for you anthony
everything will be all right i promise
you
there's something funny going on
[Music]
cheesy gentlemen
what the devil went wrong out west i
have come to find the devil has a name
you gotta have enough saved up by now to
get a hatch of your own how you can
probably buy a piece of mine
you're looking to sell you're making me
an offer for this
hell no for every gallon of crude oil
sucked from this earth comes 15 gallons
of
water no good to any living thing what's
wrong with it besides the fact that it's
radioactive
you're joking is cancer joke
pure oil poisoning by far we can't prove
it was them fred
we need facts they're telling me fifty
thousand for the whole kitten
this is a scam he smelled blood you know
what sun zeus said about underestimating
your opponents what's that
don't if you don't drop it mr stern
i'm gonna start taking i ain't gonna
stop they don't pay me to stop
we'll be fair to him no you won't
we lose we die
sure oil knew from the start all about
it and did absolutely nothing but profit
it's not just here tell me you didn't
sign that deal
how much right now everyone's got a
price
they're trying to buy me off of a measly
five figures could they do it for six
seven you know how much money they've
made poisoning my land
2.1 billion dollars and that's just one
year
2.1 billion are you kidding me
see if this farmer is successful with
this loss then he has established a
precedent
it's gonna be open season for all the
big boys the net present value rule
states
if you make more money doing it then
what it would cost if you get caught
doing it
continue doing it america's farmers are
killing themselves in record numbers
you like where you're going
i'm not gonna be able to get away with
this anymore
said the indian to the cavalry
[Music]
things have dried up here for me
there's an opportunity where london
this will be our fourth move in ten
years backwards but money's fine right
yeah right yeah
this is a first stop how about this
you shouldn't be working for someone
else
be your own boss build your own place
own your own horses something doesn't
feel right
it's not your job to worry you leave
that to your husband
scares me that you actually think that
[Music]
so you're back here full-time oh yes
we've just bought a beautiful farm
in surrey and we're thinking of a
pied-a-terre in mayfair
this is small talk i saw some deposits
you made it's nowhere near what you're
spending
don't worry i have a huge check coming
in at the end of the month
everything's gonna be fine
[Music]
is it
you're delusional because you have
nothing rory we have nothing
it's horrible here no one is the same
here nothing is the same here this house
people seem to want everything and
expect every need to be fulfilled
what is happening you're all strangers
to me right now all of you
you're embarrassing and you're
exhausting
[Music]
what we always wanted
you know why you're on trial here
[Applause]
you all right it was until i saw that
martin's dead
bob is dead
[Applause]
jesus is dead
they tried it peacefully we gonna try
something else
[Applause]
these rebels without a job they're a
threat to national security
it's a revolution you may have to hurt
somebody's feelings
when you came to chicago were you hoping
to draw the police into a confrontation
i'm concerned you have to think about it
give me a moment with your friend
i've never been on trial for my thoughts
[Applause]
before
deaths continue to spiral out of control
due to the oxygen crisis that the world
has termed
the sickness last year i had 20 kids in
my class
this year i have 12. ethan white
do you know what your father did here
the chronicle what if i told you that
you could save all of us
see your wife we received a message
from the future in the future this is a
phone machine the people who sent the
message must have found a cure
do you really believe i'm gonna save the
world you're all me amazing
you may be humanity's only chance to
finally cure
ten nine eight
seven six five
four three two
[Applause]
one
come back to me
whoever sent the message we need to find
it
at the beginning of the journey that can
change everything
you have to trust me now this isn't
about finding a cure anymore something
bigger
imagine that we are all connected by the
very fabric of the universe
an invisible field that bonds us
together you
me the stars we can't change anything
it's always going to play out this way
there is no other way
we are all connected through time
about saving the world
when i wake up in the morning the first
thing i want to feel is the lights
come to say goodbye sickka is going to
california
you can be a poet here in this village
you can
buy a house next to ours and you can
speak california in there
[Music]
we are sick scout your angels my eyes
you help me stay with these two
can i get a lift you weren't going the
other way no
i'm going your way i've been dreaming
all my life
in the dark but i want to live in the
light where it's warm
there's magic here
from poetry to this from this to poetry
do you think i'm in love with an idiot
do we know this idiot
unfortunately yes well you can't drink
and fly
your man will be flying i will be
drinking in the back
why is this so hard it's too early
when is the right time
is the canoe looking for anything just
friends this is what it feels like
sometimes you don't know where the
journey ends
you'll be just fine
everything is very very bad and getting
worse
time is running out for us and our
children no signs of letting up here
or anywhere
[Music]
humans
they struggle
every day
why
[Music]
breaking news another thing just
happened we told you it was coming
and now it's actually here we told you
and you did not listen
and now it's officially too late
why is it going to be like this
[Music]
um
i'm intrigued
[Music]
foreign
our planet is home to eight million
known species
every one of them plays a role
but one species may soon erase millions
of others
more than 300 000 dolphins die a year as
bycatch for our fishing industries
everything that you can possibly make a
profit with will be affected by illegal
trade we
created the property
[Music]
we must be the solution
the world's leading zoos and aquariums
are racing to save animals
from extinction the methods that we use
to grow a species very often
are created in zoos but time is running
out the
sixth mass extinction is not just
something that
is going to happen it's something that
is happening we didn't act fast enough
we didn't act smart enough they're gone
i don't actually believe that zoos
should exist at all
the only reason certain species are
alive today is because zoos and
aquariums have saved them from
extinction
we saved nine species of parrots from
it's our duty as humans to do what we
can right
now starting right now
[Music]
escape from extinction coming soon
you